Name	Set	ImageFile	Type	Faction	Subtitle	Cost	Requires	Provides	Fighting	Power	Body	Rarity	Designators	Text	Script
Bunker Security	bettertomorrow	bunker_security.png	Character	Ascended	Enclave Survivors	1		a	1					+1 combat damage and Stealth while at a location with a non-Feng Shui Site.	
Old Buzzard	bettertomorrow	old_buzzard.png	Character	Ascended	Lodge Survivor	2		ac	2					When an effect generated by an opponent returns a card to play, you may return this card to play.	
Cut-Out	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Ascended	Wasteland Recruiter	2	a	a	2					Turn :: Play a Character at -1 cost.	
Street Rat	bettertomorrow	street_rat.png	Character	Ascended	Transformed Hood Survivor	3	a	a	3					Stealth. Tactics. When this card inflicts combat damage on a non-Feng Shui Site, you may seize that Site.	
Puppet Dictator	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Ascended	Enclave Politician	4	a	a	5					Cannot turn to change location. Cannot be declared as a single attacker. When an oppnent controls exactly one Character at this location, reduce all damage inflicted by that Character to 0.	
Enclave Historian	bettertomorrow	enclave_historian.png	Character	Ascended	Creative Archivist	1	aa	a	1					+1 combat damage for each Edge or Event in your smoked pile.	
Paratrooper	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Ascended	Enclave Soldier	3	aa	a	4					When this card enters play it cannot be intercepted until the end of the turn. When you play an Edge, you may Reload this card.	
Shamali Storm	bettertomorrow	shamali_storm.png	Character	Ascended	Wasteland Survivor Clone	3	aaa	a	4					Unique. Stealth. +2 combat damage to Sites. When this card turns to attack, the owner of the target of the attack may pay you 1 Power :: This card ceases attacking.	
Katerina Sa	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Ascended	Enclave Mentor	5	aaa	a	6					Unique. Stealth. When this card enters play, target a Character with a cost of 3 or less :: Take control of target.	
The Englishman	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Ascended	Wandering Killer	6	aaa	a	9					Unique. Assassinate. When this card turns to attack you may target a turned Character :: Smoke target.	
The Professional	bettertomorrow	the_professional.png	Character	Ascended	Martial Artist	4	aaaa	ac	7					Unique. Lethal. Stealth.	
The Mouse	bettertomorrow	the_mouse.png	Character	Ascended	Master Manipulator	5	aaaa	a	5					Unique. Choose a designator other than <Netherworld> and turn and maintain :: take control of all Characters with the chosen designator. You may not sacrifice these Characters. Any player may pay 2 power to cancel this card until the end of the turn.	
Aquila	bettertomorrow	aquila.png	Character	Ascended	Reascended Eagle	5	aaatt	a	8					Unique. Superleap. Once per turn, when another Character is smoked at this location, pay power equal to half that Character's cost (rounded up) :: return that Character to play under your control	
Long Term Investment	bettertomorrow	long_term_investment.png	Edge	Ascended	Edge	1		a						When you play a Feng Shui Site or generate an effect that would take control of an opponent's card, you may put a counter on this card. Remove 3 or more counters and sacrifice :: Gain 2 power.	
Cleaning House	bettertomorrow	cleaning_house.png	Edge	Ascended	Security Edge	1	a							Once per turn when you discard one or more cards from your hand you may give a Site you control +1 Body until it leaves play.	
Deep Pockets	bettertomorrow	deep_pockets.png	Edge	Ascended	Edge	0	aaa							When you spend 3 or more Power at once, turn and target a Character :: Target gains +1 Fighting until it leaves play.	
Playing Possum	bettertomorrow	playing_possum.png	Event	Ascended	Event	0	a							Toast a Character in your smoked pile and choose a different Character in your smoked pile :: Reload the chosen Character, and gain 1 Power.	
Forged Orders	bettertomorrow	forged_orders.png	Event	Ascended	Event	1	a							Target a player :: Look at target's hand and you may force target to discard one card of your choice. Then target a Character :: Inflict X non-combat damage on target Character. X = the printed cost of the discarded card.	
Anonymous Tip	bettertomorrow	anonymous_tip.png	Event	Ascended	Event	0	aa							Play when an attack is declared and target a Character controlled by an opponent:: Target gains Mobility until the end of the attack, and must be declared as an interceptor if possible.	
Blackmail	bettertomorrow	blackmail.png	Event	Ascended	Event	0	aaa							Limited. Play during your Main Shot. You may steal 1 Power from each opponent that controls one or more Characters.	
Inside Job	bettertomorrow	inside_job.png	Event	Ascended	Event	2	aaaa							Look at an opponent's hand, and choose a card at random :: You may play that card at no cost, ignoring resources, and regardless of type.	
Framed!	bettertomorrow	framed.png	State	Ascended	State	3	aa							Play on a Character that requires two or fewer resources. Take control of subject. Toast a Character in your smoked pile when this card enters play, or toast this card.	
Ghillie Suit	bettertomorrow	.png	State	Ascended	State	3	aa							Play on a Character. Subject gains Assassinate, Stealth and +3 Fighting. Once per turn when subject smokes the target of its attack, unturn subject.	
Scrapper	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Dragons	Wandering Bruiser	1		d	1					+1 Fighting and Guts while you control a damaged Character .	
Highway Patrol	bettertomorrow	highway_patrol.png	Character	Dragons	Wasteland Cop	2		dt	2					Mobility. You may play this card from your hand as a State with the following text, "Vehicle. Play on a Character. Subject gains +2 Fighting and Mobility."	
Wasteland Guide	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Dragons	Grizzled Survivor	1	d	d	1					Turn and maintain and target a Character you control :: Target gains Immunity to Events that target.	
Heroic Drunk	bettertomorrow	heroic_drunk.png	Character	Dragons	Bar-Room Brawler	2	d	d	2					Guts. When this card turns to attack, inflict 1 non-combat damage on all Characters in play	
Van Full of Students	bettertomorrow	van_full_of_students.png	Character	Dragons	Kung Fu Prodigies	2	d	d	2					Mobility. Sacrifice this card :: put three Student tokens into play. The tokens have a printed Fighting of 1 and a printed cost of [Dra]1. If this card was attacking when it was sacrificed, these tokens join the attack.	
Maximus Canada	bettertomorrow	maximus_canada.png	Character	Dragons	Genius Skirmisher	3	d	d	4					Unique. Independent. When this card turns to attack during your Main Shot, opponents with Power equal to or greater than you may not play cards until the end of the attack.	
Akiko, Fire of the Phoenix	bettertomorrow	akiko_fire_of_the_phoenix.png	Character	Dragons	Kami Master of Temple Wakahisa	5	d	dc	4					Unique. Independent. If this card is in your smoked pile during your Establishing Shot, return it to play and inflict 1 damage to all non-fire characters.  Your Fire characters inflict +X combat damge. X = the number of different faction resources in your pool.	
Maverick Bodyguard	bettertomorrow	maverick_bodyguard.png	Character	Dragons	Inspirational Hero	3	dd	d	3					Independent. Guts. When damage is inflicted on this card, put a "Hero" Character token into play. It has a printed Fighting of 2, Independent, and a printed cost of [Dra]2.	
Yīngl  Bójué	bettertomorrow	yingl_bojue.png	Character	Dragons	Techie Sorcerer	3	dd	dlmt	3					Unique. Once per turn when an effect targets a character you control you may discard a card of the same type that generated that effect :: cancel that effect.	
AC McFadden	bettertomorrow	ac_mcfadden.png	Character	Dragons	Relentless Hero	4	dd	d	6					Unique. Loyalty. Independent. When this card enters play from your hand, you may play a [dra] Event at no cost from your smoked pile. That card gains Toast It.	
Portal Crawler	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Dragons	Netherworld Scout	4	dd	dt	6					When this card is played from your hand, toast all Edges. This card gains +1 Fighting until it leaves play for each Edge toasted in this way	
Bunch of Angry Folks with Pipes	bettertomorrow	bunch_of_angry_folks_with_pipes.png	Character	Dragons	Fed Up Townies	4	ddd	d	5					Guts. Toughness: 1. +2 Fighting for each player with a card in their Burned For Vicotry pile.	
Snowmark	bettertomorrow	snowmark.png	Character	Dragons	Redeemed Corporate Samural	5	ddd	dstc	6					Unique. Ambush. While intercepting, this card inflicts its combat damage at the same time an attacker with Ambush would.  If any opponent is closer to victory than you, this card gains +2 Fighting and Independent.	
The Warrior	bettertomorrow	the_warrior.png	Character	Dragons	Gutsy Biker	5	ddd	d	9					Unique. Unstoppable. Mobility. Once per turn when this card is the target of an Event you may redirect that Event to any legal target you control.	
Rolling Battle	bettertomorrow	rolling_battle.png	Edge	Dragons	Edge	1		d						Sacrifice :: Inflict 1 non-combat damage on all Characters in play. All Characters gain Mobility until the end of the turn.	
Going Down Fighting	bettertomorrow	.png	Edge	Dragons	Edge	0	dd							When an opponent reduces the Body of a Site you control to 0, all Characters you control gain +1 Fighting until they leave play.	
Jenny Zheng's Gambit	bettertomorrow	jenny_zhengs_gambit.png	Event	Dragons	Event	0	dd	dc						Play when a player who is at least as close to victory than you declares an attack. Target a Character you control ::  Unturn target. Until the end of the turn target gains Superleap an can attack during an opponent's turn.	
No Time to Bleed	bettertomorrow	no_time_to_bleed.png	Event	Dragons	Event	0	dd							Until the end of the turn, Characters you control gain Toughness: 1 and Guts and any damage inflicted on them is considered Lethal.	
Dream Team	bettertomorrow	dream_team.png	Event	Dragons	Event	1	dd							Target two Characters that share a designator :: both Targets gain Unstoppable, Toughness: 1 and +1 Fighting until the end of the turn.	
Driving Force	bettertomorrow	driving_force.png	Event	Dragons	Event	3	dd							Choose a Vehicle State in your smoked pile and a Character in your smoked pile :: Return the chosen Character to play, then return the chosen Vehicle State to play on the Character.	
Evening the Odds	bettertomorrow	evening_the_odds.png	Event	Dragons	Event	0	ddd							Toast It. Target an opponent :: Gain X Power. X  = the number of Characters controlled by target. The number of Feng Shui Sites you need for victory is increased by one.	
Squaring Off	bettertomorrow	squaring_off.png	Event	Dragons	Event	2	ddd							Choose one: inflict 5 non-combat damage on all Characters with a Fighting of 6 or greater; or inflict 5 non-combat damage on all Characters with a Fighting of 5 or less.	
Unrelenting Attack	bettertomorrow	.png	Event	Dragons	Event	1	dddd							For the rest of this Main Shot, when an attack is declared, Characters you control gain +1 Fighting until the end of the turn.	
Dying Wish	bettertomorrow	dying_wish.png	State	Dragons	State	1	d							Play on a Character. Toast a Character in your smoked pile when this card enters play or toast this card. Subject gains +X Fighting. X = the number of resources required and provided by the toasted Character.	
Interceptor	bettertomorrow	interceptor.png	State	Dragons	State	1	dd							Vehicle. Play on a Character. Subject gains +2 combat damage, Independent, and Mobility. When subject smokes an attacking Character, gain 1 Power.	
Teamwork	bettertomorrow	.png	State	Dragons	State	6	dd							Limited. Play on a Character. Subject Character gains +7 Fighting and Tactics. Play at -1 cost for each Character you control with a different title.	
Hohman Station Alpha	bettertomorrow	hohman_station_alpha.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Orbital Feng Shui Site	0				1	5			Unique. Turn and maintain and target a Feng Shui Site, which cannot be revealed in response :: If target is unrevealed, inflict 2 non-combat damage on it. All other non-combat damage inflicted on target is increased by 1.	
Sunken City District	bettertomorrow	sunken_city_district.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				1	8			Turn and target an opponent's back row Site :: Until the end of the turn target is a legal target for attack.	
Abandoned Old Shop	bettertomorrow	abandoned_old_shop.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Netherworld Feng Shui Site	0				1	10			Immediately place a counter on this card when it is revelaed. Remove the counter and target a non-site card you own :: Return target to its owner's hand.	
Ancient Tollbridge	bettertomorrow	ancient_tollbridge.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				1	8			Reduce to 0 all damage inflicted on this Site by an opponent with no Power in their pool.	
Beached Supertanker	bettertomorrow	beached_supertanker.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				1	16			-X Body. X = the number of counters on this card. At the start of your turn, put a counter on this card.	
Buried Ruins	bettertomorrow	buried_ruins.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				2	6			Limied. You may not reveal this card voluntarily or reveal it with any effect generated by a card you control.	
Echoing Cavern	bettertomorrow	.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				1	9			When an opponent is closer to victory than you and gains, generates, or steals Power due to an Event they played, turn :: Gain an equal amount of Power.	
Hall of Parliament	bettertomorrow	hall_of_parliament.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				1	7			Turn :: Play a non-foundation Edge at -1 cost.	
Isolated Banyan Grove	bettertomorrow	isolated_banyan_grove.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				1	6			Sites at this location gain Toughness:1 and Immunity to opponent's effects.	
Prismatic Waterfall	bettertomorrow	prismatic_waterfall.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0		cmt		1	9			Limited. Crisis: 1. If you played this card using the Crisis cost this turn, you may only declare one attack until the beginning of your next turn.	
Shifting Sands	bettertomorrow	.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				1	8			Turn and target a Character or a Site :: Redirect 1 damage inflicted on this card to target. Reload: discard a Character	
The Undisturbed Heart	bettertomorrow	the_undisturbed_heart.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Rainforest Feng Shui Site	0				1	7			Unique.  This card generates an additional Power while all of your Sites are undamaged.	
Travelling Theater	bettertomorrow	travelling_theater.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Netherworld Feng Shui Site	0				1	7			Turn and target a Character or Site :: Redirect 1 damage inflicted on target to this card. Reload: discard a character	
Walled Enclave	bettertomorrow	walled_enclave.png	Feng Shui Site	FSS	Feng Shui Site	0				1	8			Turn when an opponent plays a card with a printed cost of 0 :: Gain 1 Power.	
Wasteland Gardener	bettertomorrow	wasteland_gardener.png	Character	Hand	Ascetic Monk	1		hc	1					When a player generates or gains Power from an Event they played, all other players gain 1 Power.	
Twin Steels	bettertomorrow	twin_steels.png	Character	Hand	Yellow Principle Gardener	2		h	2					Once per turn when combat damage is inflicted on this card, you may redirect 1 point of that damage to a Site you control.	
Kite Sailor	bettertomorrow	kite_sailor.png	Character	Hand	Wind-Blown Rebel	1	h	h	1					Superleap. Tactics.	
Kung Fu Collaborators	bettertomorrow	kung_fu_collaborators.png	Character	Hand	Loyalist Peasants	2	h	h	2					Immunity to Events. +1 Fighting while you have [jam] in your pool. Reduce to 0 any damage this card inflicts on cards you own.	
Kings in Yellow	bettertomorrow	kings_in_yellow.png	Character	Hand	Capricious Acrobats	3	h	h	4					Once per turn when damage is redirected to a single source, you may instead divide that damage any way you choose on any number of new targets controlled by the same player.	
Warrior Poet	bettertomorrow	warrior_poet.png	Character	Hand	Martial Artist	3	h	hc	3					Superleap. Once per turn when an opponent play an Event, you may play an Event or State at -1 cost.	
Peasant Hero	bettertomorrow	peasant_hero.png	Character	Hand	Rebel Master	4	h	h	6					Reduce to 0 combat damage inflicted on this cad by Characters with a fighting of 8 or more. Target a damaged Peasant Character you control and Reload this card :: Heal target.	
Wasteland Sage	bettertomorrow	wasteland_sage.png	Character	Hand	Peasant Survivor	2	hh	h	2					Opponent's Events played during any Main Shot cost an additional Power to play.	
Wandering Tracker	bettertomorrow	wandering_tracker.png	Character	Hand	Violet Bounty Hunter	3	hh	h	5					While attacking or intercepting a Character, copy the bold faced abilities and rules text of that Character to this card.	
Xiang Wu	bettertomorrow	xiang_wu.png	Character	Hand	Violet Master	4	hhh	hc	6					Unique. Once per turn, you may target a Character :: Copy the rules text from target to this card until the end of the turn. Once per turn you may target a Character at this location and pay 1 Power :: Cancel target until the end of the turn.	
The Red Turtle	bettertomorrow	the_red_turtle.png	Character	Hand	Kung Fu Protector	4	hhhh	h	5					Unique. Superleap. Toughness: 2. Once per turn when you declare one or more interceptors :: gain 1 Power.	
The Master	bettertomorrow	the_master.png	Character	Hand	Yellow Martial Artist	6	hhhh	hc	9					Unique. Unstoppable. Once per turn you may redirect all damage that would be inflicted on this card by a single source to any undamaged Character.	
Dawning Light	bettertomorrow	dawning_light.png	Edge	Hand	Edge	1		hc						Characters and Sites you control heal 1 damage when they unturn.	
The Teachings of Tong Di	bettertomorrow	the_teachings_of_tong_di.png	Edge	Hand	Edge	3	hhhh							Unique. Uncopyable. When any opponent plays a non-Site card, as an additional cost that player must discard a card.	
First, Do No Harm	bettertomorrow	first_do_no_harm.png	Event	Hand	Yellow Event	0	hh							Target a Character or Site :: Redirect one damage that would be inflicted on target to another Character at this location. If this damage does not smoke that Character, gain 1 Power.	
Revolution	bettertomorrow	revolution.png	Event	Hand	Event	1	hh							Play when you declare an attack.  Target all opponents' unturned Characters with a cost of 1 or 2 :: Take control of all targets until the end of the attack.  All targets turn and join the attack and cannot be sacrificed or toasted.	
Voices on the Wind	bettertomorrow	voices_on_the_wind.png	Event	Hand	Event	2	hh							Limited. Play during an attack against a card you control. You may return up to X Characters from your smoked pile to play. These characters cannot be sacrificed and you must smoke them at the end of the attack. X = the number of attacking Characters.	
Pushed to the Edge	bettertomorrow	pushed_to_the_edge.png	Event	Hand	Red Event	0	hhh							Play when a Character you control is smoked. Return that Character to play, turned with X Unstoppable damage. X = that Character's printed Fighting - 1.	
Stance of the Wandering Toad	bettertomorrow	stance_of_the_wandering_toad.png	State	Hand	State	2	h							Play on a Character. Subject gains +1 Fighting, Toughness: 1 and Immunity to opponents' Events. Reload :: [Asc] 0.	
Finding Your Balance	bettertomorrow	finding_your_balance.png	State	Hand	State	1	hh							Schtick. Subject Character gains Superleap. Turn and target a Character at this location :: Target gains Superleap until the end of the turn.	
Sage's Footsteps	bettertomorrow	sages_footsteps.png	State	Hand	Teacher State	0	hhh							Limited. Schtick. Play on a Character. Copy subject character's bold faced abilities to other Characters you control at this location.	
Absolute Maniacs	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Jammers	Wasteland Fanatics	1		j	1					No Max. While this card is attacking, reduce to 0 all damage inflicted on this card by Characters with a higher Fighting.	
Netherworld Scavenger	bettertomorrow	netherworld_scavenger.png	Character	Jammers	Resource Thief	2		jt	2					Guts. +3 combat damage against cards controlled by an opponent with 3 or more Power in their pool.	
Rebel Janitors	bettertomorrow	rebel_janitors.png	Character	Jammers	Lowly Saboteurs	1	j	j	1					When this card inflicts combat damage on a Site you own, you may seize that Site.	
Sand Squid Riders	bettertomorrow	sand_squid_riders.png	Character	Jammers	Wasteland Rebels	2	j	j	2					Mobility. +X combat damage on Characters and Sites. X = the amount of damage on that Character or Site.	
The Scientist	bettertomorrow	the_scientist.png	Character	Jammers	Genetic Botanist	2	j	jt	2					Unique. When this card enters play you may toast a Character in your smoked pile and target a Site :: Copy the rules text of the toasted Character to target until it leaves play. Target does not have Fighting and cannot attack.	
Duct Ape	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Jammers	Simian Ninja	3	j	j	4					Unstoppable. Stealth against cards controlled by an opponent with Power in their pool.	
Silverback Law	bettertomorrow	silverback_law.png	Character	Jammers	Cybernetic Simian Mercenaries	3	j	jt	4					When you play this card, you may toast exactly one Character from your smoked pile to reduce this card's cost by 1. At the start of your Main Shot inflict 1 non-combat damage on all Feng Shui Sites in play.	
Giant Sand Squid	bettertomorrow	giant_sand_squid.png	Character	Jammers	Wasteland Burrower	4	jjj	j	6					Mobility. Toughness: 1. Stealth while attacking a target at a location with a back-row Site.	
Killer Kimm	bettertomorrow	killer_kimm.png	Character	Jammers	Punk Bassist	4	jjj	j	6					Unique. Guts.  Once per turn when this card inflicts combat damage on a Site during an attack, you may unturn it.	
Queen Sand Squid	bettertomorrow	queen_sand_squid.png	Character	Jammers	Wasteland Monster	6	jjjj	j	11					Unique. Mobility. Toughness: 2. When this card enters play from your hand, each opponent may sacrifice a Site they control. You may return a Site in your smoked pile to play for each opponent that does not sacrifice a Site.	
Jet Pack Jenny	bettertomorrow	jet_pack_jenny.png	Character	Jammers	Supercharged Fanatic	4	jjjt	jt	6					Unique. Play this card during any Main Shot. May attack during opponents' turns. Inflict 2 non-combat damage on this card to gain Superleap until the end of the turn.	
Attack of the Fifty Foot Badger	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Jammers	Mutated Science Project	6	jjjt	j	7					Unique. Unstoppable. Toughness: 1. At the start of each turn this card gains +1 Fighting until it leaves play.	
Aftershocks	bettertomorrow	aftershocks.png	Edge	Jammers	Edge	2		jt						Turn when combat damage is inflicted on a Site :: Play a card at -1 cost, regardless of type.	
Langur Management Programme	bettertomorrow	.png	Edge	Jammers	Edge	2	jjj							When a Character you control is smoked by an opponent, you may return that Character to play. It gains Toast-it and is toasted at the end of the turn.	
Shack Jack Blowback	bettertomorrow	shack_jack_blowback.png	Event	Jammers	Event	0	jj							Limited. Play when an opponent smokes or burns a Site you control due to damage. Target a Site controlled by that opponent :: Inflict X non-combat damage on target, and gain 2 Power if this reduces target's Body to 0. X = the amount of damage inflicted on your Site.	
"What’s the Worst that Could Happen?"	bettertomorrow	whats_the_worst_that_could_happen.png	Event	Jammers	Mad Science Event	2	jj							Target a Character :: Toast target, and target's controller must cut their deck and play the revealed card at no cost and regardless of type. Reshuffle	
Gibbons Moon	bettertomorrow	gibbons_moon.png	Event	Jammers	Event	2	jj							Crisis: [jam]0. Play in response to an Event or State :: Cancel and smoke that card and target's controller gains power equal to its printed cost. Put a Monkey Character token into play. It has a printed Fighting of 1 and a printed cost of [Jam]1.	
Underground Underdog	bettertomorrow	underground_underdog.png	Event	Jammers	Event	0	jjj							Limited. Play during your Main Shot. Gain 1 Power for each opponent with Power in their pool. Reload a card for each opponent with more than 2 power in their pool.	
Toxic Spill	bettertomorrow	toxic_spill.png	Event	Jammers	Event	1	jjj							Target a site :: Inflict 2 Corrupted non-combat damage on target and any Site to the left, right, in front of, or behind target.	
BOOM-erang	bettertomorrow	boom_erang.png	State	Jammers	State	1	j							Weapon. Play on a Character. Subject inflicts +2 combat damage. When you Reload a card, you may target a card at this location :: Inflict 2 non-combat damage on target. Reload :: Toast a Character in your smoked pile.	
Suitcase Bomb	bettertomorrow	suitcase_bomb.png	State	Jammers	State	3	j							Toast It. Crisis: [Jam][Jam][Jam][Jam]1. If you paid the Crisis cost, you may play this card during any Main Shot. Play on a Character. When subject is smoked, smoke all Characters in play.	
Doom Wagon	bettertomorrow	doom_wagon.png	State	Jammers	State	4	jjjt							Unique. Vehicle. Subject gains +6 Fighting, Unstoppable, and Toughness: 1. Turn this card and target a Site to the left, right, or behind the front row Site at this location :: Inflict 4 non-combat damage on target.	
Petal’s Apprentice	bettertomorrow	petals_apprentice.png	Character	Lotus	Eunuch Sorcerers	1		lm	1					No Max. When an attack you declare or join fails, smoke this card. When an attack you declare succeeds, you may return exactly one "Petal’s Apprentice" to play from your smoked pile.	
Raider Flamer	bettertomorrow	raider_flamer.png	Character	Lotus	Hood Convoy Gunner	1		l	1					Corrupted. Unstoppable. Cannot be the subject of Weapon or Vehicle States.	
Wasteland Raiders	bettertomorrow	wasteland_raiders.png	Character	Lotus	Shamanistic Hoods	2		lm	2					Assassinate. When an opponent generates or gains Power from an Event they played, you may target a card that opponent controls :: inflict 2 non-combat damage on target.	
Scarred Knife Thrower	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Lotus	Hood Raider	1	l	l	1					When you play one or more Characters you may target a Character :: Inflict 1 non-combat damage on target.	
Abyssal Echoes	bettertomorrow	abyssal_echoes.png	Character	Lotus	Geomantic Ghosts	2	l	l	2					Turn and maintain this card and a Site you control and target an Edge or a Site :: Cancel target.	
Bei Feng Bao	bettertomorrow	bei_feng_bao.png	Character	Lotus	Future Darkness Clone	3	ll	lm	4					Unique. Assassinate. When this card smokes a Character in combat, you may return a non-unique foundation card.	
Howling Banshee	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Lotus	Vengeful Spirit	3	ll	l	4					Corrupted. When this card enters play, target a Character :: Cancel target until it leaves play.	
Kun Kan Khan	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Lotus	Raider Boss	3	ll	l	5					Unique. Immunity to Sites. You may play Sites from any smoked pile at -1 cost.	
The Sorceress	bettertomorrow	the_sorceress.png	Character	Lotus	Darkness Vizier	5	ll	lm	8					Unique. Assassinate. When this card is smoked, return it to play as a State on a Character that damaged it this turn with the following text :: Play on a Character. Take control of subject.	
Abyssal Son	bettertomorrow	.png	Character	Lotus	Underworld Mastermind	4	lll	lm	1					Turn and target a Character :: Smoke target.	
Basatan	bettertomorrow	basatan.png	Character	Lotus	Crab Demon	5	lll	l	8					Unique. Twice per turn you may sacrifice a non-token Character at this location :: Put 2 Undead Character tokens into play. They have a printed Fighting of 1 and a printed cost of [Lot]1.	
Stalkers	bettertomorrow	stalkers.png	Character	Lotus	Demon Survivors	4	lllm	l	6					Regenerate. +1 combat damage for each Corrupted damage counter on cards in play.	
Zhang Xiao Sheng	bettertomorrow	zhang_xiao_sheng.png	Character	Lotus	Undead Eunuch Hierarch	5	lllmm	lm	7					Unique. Regenerate. Lethal. Cannot be sacrificed. When this card enters play you may sacrifice a Character :: return to play a different Character from your smoked pile with cost equal to or lesser than the sacrificed character.	
Occult Symbols	bettertomorrow	occult_symbols.png	Edge	Lotus	Edge	2		lm						Not Cumulative. Turn and maintan and target a Site you control :: When a Character inflicts combat damage on target, inflict 1 non-combat damage on all Characters that share a designator with that Character.  When target leaves play, smoke this card.	
Bloodbath	bettertomorrow	bloodbath.png	Edge	Lotus	Darkness Event	2	lll							When a Character is smoked or sacrificed, Characters you control gain +1 combat damage until the end of the turn.	
Empty Gesture	bettertomorrow	empty_gesture.png	Event	Lotus	Event	0	l							Target an opponent :: Gain 1 Power and put an <Undead> Character token into play under target's control. It has a printed Fighting of 1 and a printed cost of [Lot] 1.	
Pyrrhic Victory	bettertomorrow	pyrrhic_victory.png	Event	Lotus	Eunuch Event	0	l	l						Play after a player makes a successful attack :: The attack is instead considered a failed attack and that player may declare no further attacks this turn.  When an attack you declare succeeds you may reload this card.	
Desecrated Graves	bettertomorrow	desecrated_graves.png	Event	Lotus	Event	0	ll							Toast X Characters in your smoked pile :: Toast X non-foundation cards in each opponent's smoked pile.	
Rise!	bettertomorrow	rise.png	Event	Lotus	Event	0	ll							Toast X Characters from your smoked pile :: Put X Undead Character tokens in play. They have a printed Fighting of 1, and a printed cost of [Lot]1.	
Guest of Honor	bettertomorrow	guest_of_honor.png	Event	Lotus	Cannibal Event	1	ll							Randomly toast a Character in your smoked pile and target a Character :: Smoke Target.	
Branded	bettertomorrow	branded.png	Event	Lotus	Event	3	ll							One-Shot. Take control of all damaged Characters until the end of the turn.	
Abandoned Metro Tunnels	bettertomorrow	abandoned_metro_tunnels.png	Site	Lotus	Site	1	l	l		1	5			Damage inflicted on Characters at this location is Corrupted	
Misfortune	bettertomorrow	misfortune.png	State	Lotus	State	1	ll							Play on an opponent's Character. All Events that could legally target subject must target subject.	
Demonic Heritage	bettertomorrow	demonic_heritage.png	State	Lotus	State	3	ll							Play on a Character. Subject gains +5 Fighting and Regenerate and the designator Demon	
Necromancy Stone	bettertomorrow	necromancy_stone.png	State	Lotus	Unearthly Edge	2	lll							Once per turn when you generate an effect that would play or return to play one or more Characters from a player's smoked pile, gain 1 power.	
Netherworld Conscripts	bettertomorrow	netherworld_conscripts.png	Character	Monarchs	Displaced Warriors	1		f	1					Loyalty. When this card enters play choose one of the following designators: <Fire>, <Ice>, or <Thunder>. This card gains the chosen designator until it leaves play.	
Road Warriors	bettertomorrow	road_warriors.png	Character	Monarchs	Thunder Soldiers	2		f	2					Gain 1 Power when a card that is the subject of a state is smoked. You may ignore resource conditions when playing Vehicle States.	
Netherworld Cartographer	bettertomorrow	netherworld_cartographer.png	Character	Monarchs	Ice Scholar	1	f	f	1					Turn exactly one "Netherworld Cartographer" and target an unrevealed Feng Shui Site, which may not be revealed in response :: Reveal the target. If the target is Unique or Netherworld, gain 1 Power.	
The Doctor	bettertomorrow	the_doctor.png	Character	Monarchs	Formidable Ice Healer	2	f	fm	2					Unique. Turn :: Turn all damaged cards in play. Heal all Characters in play.	
Wasteland Rangers	bettertomorrow	wasteland_rangers.png	Character	Monarchs	Thunder Soldiers	2	f	f	2					<Soldiers> you control at this location gain Ambush.	
Nomad Band	bettertomorrow	nomad_band.png	Character	Monarchs	Thunder Survivors	3	f	f	3					Mobility. +2 damage against Sites. The rules text of any Site targeted by this card in an attack is cancelled until end of the turn.	
Fire Emissary	bettertomorrow	fire_emissary.png	Character	Monarchs	Battle-Hardened Soldiers	5	ff	f	*					When this card enters play immediately toast up to 4 Characters in your smoked pile. This card's Fighting is equal to the total printed Fighting of the toasted Characters, and it gains all bold-faced abilities possessed by those Characters.	
Thomas Lawrence	bettertomorrow	thomas_lawrence.png	Character	Monarchs	Wasteland Timewalker	5	ff	f	8					Unique. Mobility. When a player plays an Event, the player to that players left may choose an equal number of new and different legal targets for that Event :: These targets replace the original targets of that Event.	
Blighted Platoon	bettertomorrow	blighted_platoon.png	Character	Monarchs	Irradiated Fire Warriors	3	fff	f	4					Corrupted. Once per turn target a Character at this location :: Inflict X non-combat damage on target. X = the damage on this card.	
Duelling Champion	bettertomorrow	duelling_champion.png	Character	Monarchs	Ice Soldier	4	fff	f	6					When this card is attacking a Character, or is the target of an attack, the combat damage of Characters at this location with Fighting lower than this card is reduced to 0.	
Marshal Masterson	bettertomorrow	marshal_masterson.png	Character	Monarchs	Veteran Thunder Soldier	4	fff	f	5					Unique. Ambush. Tactics. When this card ceases attacking, you may choose another Character that is still attacking. That Character gains Ambush until the end of the attack.	
Li Ting	bettertomorrow	li_ting.png	Character	Monarchs	King of the Fire Pagoda	6	fff	fmm	10					Unique. Damaged characters cannot intercept Fire characters you control. When this card turns to attack, target up to three Characters :: inflict 3 non-combat damage, divided any way you choose, on targets.	
Spirit Circle	bettertomorrow	spirit_circle.png	Edge	Monarchs	Edge	2		f						At the start of your turn put a "Spirit" Character token into play. It has a printed Fighting of 1 and a printed cost of [Mon]1.	
Vigilance	bettertomorrow	.png	Edge	Monarchs	Edge	3	ff							Unturned Characters you control gain +2 Fighting.	
Amnesty	bettertomorrow	amnesty.png	Event	Monarchs	Event	1	f							Return all States in play to their owners' hands.  Each owner gains power equal to the total cost of States returned to their hand.	
Vengeance in the Ashes	bettertomorrow	vengeance_in_the_ashes.png	Event	Monarchs	Fire Event	1	f							Choose a Character in your smoked pile, and target a Character :: Toast the chosen Character and inflict X non-combat damage on target. X = the toasted Character's printed Fighting.	
Tip of the Wedge	bettertomorrow	tip_of_the_wedge.png	Event	Monarchs	Event	0	ff							Target a Character :: Target gains Tactics and +1 combat damage until the end of the turn for every Character you control that shares a designator with target.	
Reveille	bettertomorrow	reveille.png	Event	Monarchs	Event	1	ff							Play when a Character you control enters combat. Choose one: gain 2 Power; or put a "Warrior" Character token into play. It has a printed Fighting of 2, Ambush and a printed cost of [Mon]2.	
Spiked War Rig	bettertomorrow	spiked_war_rig.png	State	Monarchs	State	3	f							Vehicle. Play on a Character. Subject gains +4 Fighting. When subject is about to enter combat with a Character inflict 2 non-combat damage on that Character.	
Charge!	bettertomorrow	charge.png	State	Monarchs	Thunder State	0	ff							Limited. Schtick. Play on a Site you control. At the start of your turn, you may skip your Main Shot :: Put a counter on this card. Turn :: Characters you control gain +X combat damage until the end of the turn. X = the number of counters on this card.	
Snow Shovel	bettertomorrow	snow_shovel.png	State	Monarchs	Ice State	1	ff							Weapon. When this card enters play, toast a Character in your smoked pile or toast this card. Subject Character gains +1 Fighting. Sacrifice:: Put a "Warrior" Character token into play. It has a printed Fighting of 2, Ambush and a printed cost of [Mon]2 .	
Soul Fire	bettertomorrow	soul_fire.png	State	Monarchs	Netherworld State	4	ff							Not cumulative. Play on a Character. Subject gains +5 Fighting and Loyalty. When an effect generated by a player removes one or more cards from any smoked pile and puts them into play, you may return one copy of this card to play on a legal subject.	
Facilitator	bettertomorrow	facilitator.png	Character	Unaligned	Netherworld Mediator	2		cmt	2					Play with the top card of your deck revealed. Once per Main Shot, you may play the revealed card ignoring one resource condition.	
Mr. Rhee	bettertomorrow	mr_rhee.png	Character	Unaligned	Tortured Supernatural Troubleshooter	3		m	3					Unique.  Loyalty.  Uncopyable.  Play during any Main Shot.  Whenever a Character Token enters play under another player’s control, put a token of the same description into play under your control.  When this card enters play, put an “Undead” character token into play under each player’s control.  They have a printed fighting of 1 and a printed cost of [Lot]1.	
Johann Bonengel	bettertomorrow	johann_bonengel.png	Character	Unaligned	Dis-Timed NeoBuro President	4		tt	6					Unique. Uncopyable. The number of sites you need for victory is reduced by one. When this card is smoked, you may toast two cards in your smoked pile :: shuffle this card back into your deck	
Curse of Binding	bettertomorrow	curse_of_binding.png	Event	Unaligned	Event	1	m							Choose a designator. Until the end of the turn, Characters with that designator cannot be turned.	
Reverse Engineering	bettertomorrow	reverse_engineering.png	Event	Unaligned	Event	0	t							Limited. Target a Character and choose a State in play. Target gains the effects of that State until the end of the turn.	
Salt Mine	bettertomorrow	salt_mine.png	Feng Shui Site	Unaligned	Feng Shui Site	0				1	7			Limited. When an opponent who is closer to victory than you starts their main shot, you may either unturn this card or turn :: Gain 1 Power.	
IKTV Radio Outpost	bettertomorrow	iktv_radio_outpost.png	Site	Unaligned	Site	2		tt		1	6			Turn and flip a coin :: Heads : gain 1 power.	
Jacktown	bettertomorrow	jacktown.png	Site	Unaligned	Battleground Site	2				0	5			Unique. Any player who siezes this site gains 2 power. If this Site is in your front row, during your Main shot, turn and target two Characters from two different players :: they enter a Faceoff.  The Faceoff takes place at the location of this site.  The controller of the winner of the Faceoff gains one power.	
Valhalla	bettertomorrow	valhalla.png	Site	Unaligned	Site	3		c		2	8			Limited. Your hand size is -2. When you spend Power, you may draw cards equal to the amount of Power spent.	
Golden Sky Island	bettertomorrow	golden_sky_island.png	Site	Unaligned	Feng Shui Site	0				1	7			Turn in response to an effect that changes the target of an attack or would cause an attacker to cease attacking :: Cancel that effect.	
Wasteland Steppes	bettertomorrow	wasteland_steppes.png	Site	Unaligned	Feng Shui Site	0				1	7			Turn and target an Edge controlled by an opponent :: Cancel target until the end of the turn.	
Defence Perimeter	bettertomorrow	defence_perimeter.png	State	Unaligned	State	1								Crisis: 0. If you pay the Crisis cost, you may play this card during any Main Shot. Play on a Site. Subject and the Sites to subject's immediate left and right gain +3 Body and the designator Battleground.	
Specialist	bettertomorrow	specialist.png	State	Unaligned	State	1								Not cumulative. You must have at least 2 resources of the same faction to play this card. Play on a Character you own. Subject copies its own rules text.	
Chainsword	bettertomorrow	chainsword.png	State	Unaligned	Sword State	2								Weapon. Play on a Character. Subject gains + 4 Combat damage and Immunity to 0 cost cards.	
Brain-Tape	bettertomorrow	brain_tape.png	State	Unaligned	State	0	t							Play on a Character. Play during any Main Shot in response to a Character leaving play. Subject gains the rules text of the Character that left play.	
The Beast	bettertomorrow	the_beast.png	State	Unaligned	Tank State	4	tt							Unique. Vehicle. Play on a Character. Subject gains +5 Fighting and Toughness: 2. Turn this card and target a non-Unique Character at this location with Fighting of 3 or less :: Smoke target.	
